=== burlingame_shaun.en.vtt ===
This is Viva Fry. I'm Dr. Peter McCulla.
This is Tom Wongo. This is Chuck Proud.
This is Alex Craner. Hey, this is Brad
Wall. This is JP Sears. Hi, this is
Frank Pered. This is Tammy Peterson.
This is Danielle Smith. This is James
Lindsay. Hey, this is Brett Kessle and
you're listening to the Shaun Newman
podcast. Welcome to the podcast, folks.
How's everybody doing today?
I just want to say a shout out to the
Grad class of 2025 in Helmont, my
hometown. I got to uh give the I don't
know the keynote speech. What are we
calling it? Um I don't I don't know what
to call it. Anyways, I got to uh go give
a speech at their grad and um um I said
it the night of and I'll say it again.
You know, when I started this, I
I don't know if any kid at 18 is sitting
there going maybe in 20 years I'll be
back speaking. I definitely was not that
that kid. Certainly, I I forget what I
was voted most likely to do when I was
18, but it wasn't to go give a a speech
at a graduation. Um, so I just want to
say congrats again to to the Helmon
grads and to all the grads this year.
Um, a pretty um cool feeling to be
invited back to to share some words of
inspiration, a little bit about my story
and and to do it in my hometown, uh, you
know, where where, you know, as I was
writing it, uh, you know, the Newmans
have been since 1911. So, uh, awfully,
uh, cool experience for me and and just
congratulations,
uh, again to all the grads out there.
Um, with the number of ounces of silver
needed to buy an ounce of gold now at
nearly 30 year highs, silver is silver
is a bargain priced when compared to
gold. And it's perfect time, you know,
when you're talking graduation and
you're looking for different ideas. I
should have brought this up a month ago,
but uh giving the the gift of silver or
heck, if you if you got deep pockets,
gold uh to a grad might get them to
think a little bit. And the guy to talk
to would be Graham because they have uh
you know, Silver Gold Bull has a wide
variety of best value silver for every
budget. And you can simply text or email
for Graham for details. Whether you're a
season investor, new to precious metals,
you can just walk through all the
questions you have with them. He's going
to recommend the best products to meet
your your goals, especially with uh you
know um um for our nephew last year.
That's that's exactly what we got him.
We got him a little bit of precious
metals and um you know, I'd be curious
his thoughts on it now or you know, who
knows, maybe in 10 years. And uh pretty
cool a gift that you can do. And if
you're on silvergoldbull.ca or.com, just
make sure to reference the uh Shawn
Newman podcast. Bo Valley Credit Union
is your Alberta regulated, fully
serviced financial institution and
they're proud to present the first in
Canada gold collateral lending and all
of you can lend against your physical
gold and silver for favorable rates.
It's like a heliloc on your gold and
silver. And if you don't have any gold
and silver, they can help you get a loan
to purchase that as well. Just shoot an
email over to welcomebocu.com,
say hello to Lyanna, and get your BBCU
membership started today. That's all
down in the show notes. uh Profit River.
They got a brand new website and it's
got a whole bunch of new features on it.
They're going to make your you the
customer have a little bit more easy of
ease of experience online. And uh
anything you purchase online or in
person or over the phone, just make sure
to reference SNP. It's going to get you
in for monthly draws and uh it helps me
as well, you know. So, uh, if for all
your firearm needs when it comes to
anywhere in Canada, they are the major
retailer of firearms, optics, and
accessories. They serve all of Canada.
Just go to profit river.com. Or better
yet, if you're coming through Lloyd,
stop in and see the showroom. Windsor
Plywood here in Lloyd Minster are
builders of the podcast studio table. I
remember, geez, it's going on like 5
years ago when I first approached Carly
with the idea of of his studio table.
And you know, certainly where I'm
sitting right now, uh it has become a
fixture of of people coming in and
getting to see it. And when we're
talking uh wood, you know, these are the
guys. When you want character wood, uh
you know, stop in and see the team at
Windsor Plywood here in Lloyd Mminster,
whether we're talking mantels, decks,
windows, doors, sheds, podcast studios,
podcast studio tables, you know, they
got a ton of stuff there. So stop in
Windsor Plywood, tell them that I sent
them to you. Say hello to Carly and the
team there. Cornerstone Forum 2026.
Yeah, we're getting close. We're getting
close. I don't want to, you know, I I
don't have anything to announce today. I
just want to keep it in in people's
minds. It is coming back. I know. I've
been uh pretty uh stressed towards the
the beginning of May. And um people were
wondering, oh, they're teasing me. Oh,
you're bringing it back. Yeah, I'm
bringing it back. Sean's feeling a
little better these days. And um you
know, uh it was a great turnout. And if
you missed the uh 2025 Cornerstone
Forum, just go to Substack. Uh you can
click on the link down in the show notes
or just search the Shan Newman podcast
Substack and it'll get directed there.
We have weekend reviews that are free
and a bunch of free content, but the
full Cornerstone Forum is behind a payw
wall. You can get 2024 and 2025 both on
Substack. There's some behind the scenes
footage there as well. And you know,
just stay up to date with all things uh
podcast related. Speaking of the new
studio, um we're we're constantly
looking to put some people on the value
for value wall. We got a whole bunch of
names going on at company names going
on. We're looking for skills, labor,
materials, money. Any ways you guys can
help, we're gladly appreciate. Humbled
by the the outreach and some of the the
donations that have come with that. Um
and then companies stepping forward and
and doing some serious work. you know,
uh, right now Josh Clare home, if you're
in need of a finishing carpenter, holy
dina is he just absolutely fantastic.
And then, you know, like, uh, uh,
Guardian Plumbing and Heating has been
doing a ton of work. Uh, Harris
Electric, Renegade Acres, like there's
just been tons of great human beings and
companies, um, just fantastic. Sam
Kovix, Kovac, sorry, Kovix, Kovac, and
his group came down, did a bunch of
work. I I could just go on and on and on
and and uh I'll continue to talk about
all the wonderful people helping out on
the project, but appreciate it
immensely. If you're watching on uh
YouTube, Spotify, Apple, Rumble X,
Facebook, make sure to subscribe, make
sure to hit a retweet, you know, if
you're enjoying uh any episode, make
sure to share it out. It's because of
you that, you know, we continue to grow
and and uh get to know people all across
Canada, North America, and the world.
And I just uh can't say highly I can't
speak highly enough of all of you uh for
continuing to to text and share the
podcast. And I should probably say
coming here in July, you know, we're a
few weeks away from July. And if if
you're new to the podcast, u and
honestly, last year was the first year.
In July, we're going to we slow the
podcast down. It's my one time a year
where where the kids are out of school,
Mel's not working, and uh we just try
and, you know, soak up some family time.
And so, uh, I I don't do at new episodes
on Tuesdays. So, it'll be Monday,
Wednesday. Uh, some episodes will come
out Thursdays. We're going to try
something out new this year. We're going
